book/introduction/dependencies.md, before:

# Dependencies
The code generated by Cornucopia has a few dependencies that you need to import into your project's `Cargo.toml`.

This section describes the role of each dependency. Dependencies come in three broad categories:

- Common required ones.
- Choosing between sync and async.
- Optional dependencies that extend Cornucopia's capabilities.

## Required
* Postgres type utils: `postgres_types` **with the `derive` feature enabled**.

## Choose one (sync or async)
### Sync
* Client: `cornucopia_sync`.
* Driver: `postgres`.

```admonish info
You can achieve synchronous connection pooling with `r2d2-postgres` without any special integration.
```

### Async
* Client: `cornucopia_async`.
* Runtime: `tokio`.
* Driver: `tokio_postgres`.
* Async tools: `futures`.

#### (Optional) Async connection pooling
*Requires `cornucopia_async`'s `deadpool` feature (enabled by default)*
* Connection pool `deadpool-postgres`. 

## (Optional) Extra types
You can enable additional support for additional PostgreSQL types by adding the corresponding crates and driver features. 

| Crate          | PostgreSQL                              | Rust                                               | driver feature      |
| -------------- | --------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| `serde_json`   | `Json` `JsonB`                          | `Value`                                            | `with-serde_json-1` |
| `time`         | `Time` `Date` `Timestamp` `TimestampTZ` | `Date` `Time` `PrimitiveDateTime` `OffsetDateTime` | `with-time-0_3`     |
| `uuid`         | `Uuid`                                  | `Uuid`                                             | `with-uuid-1`       |
| `eui48`        | `MacAddr`                               | `MacAddress`                                       | `with-eui48-1`      |
| `rust_decimal` | `Numeric`                               | `Decimal`                                          | *(\*)*              |

*(\*) `Decimal` doesn't require any driver feature, but it does require enabling `rust_decimal`'s `db-postgres` feature.*
## (Optional) Row serialization
* `serde` **with the `derive` feature enabled**.

## Full dependencies
The code block below shows what your dependencies might look like with every feature that async `cornucopia` supports enabled:
```toml
# Cargo.toml
[dependencies]
# Required
postgres_types = { version = "*", features = ["derive"] }

# Async
cornucopia_async = "*"
tokio = { version = "*", features = ["full"] }
tokio-postgres = { version = "*", features = [
    "with-serde_json-1",
    "with-time-0_3",
    "with-uuid-1",
    "with-eui48-1",
] }
futures = "*"
# Async connection pooling
deadpool-postgres = { version = "*" }

# Row serialization
serde = { version = "*", features = ["derive"] }

# Extra types
serde_json = "*"
time = "*"
uuid = "*"
eui48 = "*"
rust_decimal = { version = "*", features = ["db-postgres"] }
```
If you're generating sync code, your dependencies will look a bit different but this should give you a rough idea.

```admonish note
You should use numbered instead of wildcard `*` dependency versions, this is only for demonstration purposes. You can refer to the crate's [examples](/introduction/examples) if you're not sure which versions to use.
```

Commit message:

Mention serde_json's cornucopia client feature.

book/introduction/dependencies.md, after:

# Dependencies
The code generated by Cornucopia has a few dependencies that you need to import into your project's `Cargo.toml`.

This section describes the role of each dependency. Dependencies come in three broad categories:

- Common required ones.
- Choosing between sync and async.
- Optional dependencies that extend Cornucopia's capabilities.

## Required
* Postgres type utils: `postgres_types` **with the `derive` feature enabled**.

## Choose one (sync or async)
### Sync
* Client: `cornucopia_sync`.
* Driver: `postgres`.

```admonish info
You can achieve synchronous connection pooling with `r2d2-postgres` without any special integration.
```

### Async
* Client: `cornucopia_async`.
* Runtime: `tokio`.
* Driver: `tokio_postgres`.
* Async tools: `futures`.

#### (Optional) Async connection pooling
*Requires `cornucopia_async`'s `deadpool` feature (enabled by default)*
* Connection pool `deadpool-postgres`. 

## (Optional) Extra types
You can enable additional support for additional PostgreSQL types by adding the corresponding crates and driver features. 

| Crate          | PostgreSQL                              | Rust                                               | driver feature             |
| -------------- | --------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| `serde_json`   | `Json` `JsonB`                          | `Value`                                            | `with-serde_json-1` *(\*)* |
| `time`         | `Time` `Date` `Timestamp` `TimestampTZ` | `Date` `Time` `PrimitiveDateTime` `OffsetDateTime` | `with-time-0_3`            |
| `uuid`         | `Uuid`                                  | `Uuid`                                             | `with-uuid-1`              |
| `eui48`        | `MacAddr`                               | `MacAddress`                                       | `with-eui48-1`             |
| `rust_decimal` | `Numeric`                               | `Decimal`                                          | *(\*\*)*                   |

*(\*) In addition to the driver feature, the `with-serde_json-1` feature must also be enabled on the Cornucopia client*.

*(\*\*) Doesn't require any driver feature, but it does require enabling `rust_decimal`'s `db-postgres` feature.*

## (Optional) Row serialization
* `serde` **with the `derive` feature enabled**.

## Full dependencies
The code block below shows what your dependencies might look like with every feature that async `cornucopia` supports enabled:
```toml
# Cargo.toml
[dependencies]
# Required
postgres_types = { version = "*", features = ["derive"] }

# Async
cornucopia_async = { version = "*", features = ["with-serde_json-1"] }
tokio = { version = "*", features = ["full"] }
tokio-postgres = { version = "*", features = [
    "with-serde_json-1",
    "with-time-0_3",
    "with-uuid-1",
    "with-eui48-1",
] }
futures = "*"
# Async connection pooling
deadpool-postgres = { version = "*" }

# Row serialization
serde = { version = "*", features = ["derive"] }

# Extra types
serde_json = "*"
time = "*"
uuid = "*"
eui48 = "*"
rust_decimal = { version = "*", features = ["db-postgres"] }
```
If you're generating sync code, your dependencies will look a bit different but this should give you a rough idea.

```admonish note
You should use numbered instead of wildcard `*` dependency versions, this is only for demonstration purposes. You can refer to the crate's [examples](/introduction/examples) if you're not sure which versions to use.
```
